<!-- TITLE: nearly all educational institutions exist to mildly inconvenience natalie -->
<!-- DATE: 2024-10-18 23:48:55 -->
there is simply no other explanation.
<br><br>
the only time this one felt as though it was in an environment that valued learning was before it was in high school, when it was still going to a school that followed montessori principles (read: let it do whatever it wanted).
in high school, all of its classes (other than the dual credit or AP ones) were entirely busywork. 
then, it dropped out of highschool because it did not like busywork and went to college, because it hoped there would be less busywork. 
there was in fact more busywork in college, somehow.
it thought that reading 115 would not contain material from its second grade english class, yet evidently it was wrong.
<br><br>
because college contained even more busywork than high school, it has also dropped out of the college program to get its high school diploma.
this is for some reason an intelligent decision, as it can just take the GED immediately, and then go back to college as a regular college student the next term.
for some reason that is absolutely incomprehensible to natalie, with a GED, the college will not require it to take reading 115.
it is not sure why they will not just allow it to take the language arts placement test to skip that class, this seems as though it would be a lot less convoluted than dropping out of college, applying to the program that will make the college pay for the GED exam, and then immediately starting as a regular college student next term.
<br><br>
portland community college is such a baffling institution.
it scored a 97 on their math placement exam. it scored a 680 on the SAT math section. it has AP credit for math 251 from taking AP calc. it has math credit for math 243 from taking AP statistics. it has PCC credit from taking math 111 under a dual credit program.
the only two math classes they said it was allowed to take under the high school diploma program were MATH 111 (which it did in sophomore year! come on) and ALC 60 (remedial math). 
fortunately, there was a secret third option where they just let it not take any math class. this is stupid, what is the point of a placement test if they ignore the result? what is the point of taking the SAT if they ignore the result? what is the point of having AP credit if they ignore it?
why are they like this?
what is the point of taking an english class in which one learns what an adjective is? this is a thing that everyone learned already in second grade.
<br><br>
it is excited to be free of the high school diploma program.
hopefully the amount of stupid busywork is lower once it starts actual college classes next term.
it probably wont be, so hopefully it gets prescribed adderall.
